---
title: "The Minor Update"
thumb: /assets/posts/update-87-2/thumb.png
thumb_square: /assets/posts/update-87-2/thumb_square.png
---

The [0.87.2 update](/changelog#0.87.2) has just landed! It brings plenty of quality-of-life improvements and fixes to the table.

But before we will dive into what's inside, please welcome our new full-time team member: **@DarkMajesty** 🎉

He joined us just two months ago and actually made this update real! While we continue working on long-term tasks like Rails and Roads Rework (also known as RRR) and Contracts Update, we finally have someone who can back us up and help to fill the void between those major milestones.

Alright, now let's get back to business!

## Gameplay changes

### Devices now have predefined input and output directions

Device inputs and output directions are now predefined and can't be changed. This should help new players, as well as raise some challenges to experience players when planning their setups. Let us know what you think!

### Get creative!

We are still getting amazed by the creative ways you use decorations to build your beautiful worlds. To free your creativity even further, this update unlocks new degrees of freedom when placing your decorations.

The rotation is no longer fixed to 90° angles.

{% include video.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/1.mp4" %}

You can now scale decorations both up and down.

{% include img.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/1.png" %}

To help you properly align your creations, you can now change the world grid step in settings (10 by default):

{% include img.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/2.png" alt="Grid step set to 3" %}

### City rename price

Many of you complained that option to rename cities was a bit pricy. We wanted to make renaming a city an achievement, but it become clear that many of you just want to name a city, not a big deal after all!

Also, our algorithm for deciding the price goes a bit crazy over time:

{% include img.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/4.png" alt="The exact amount of 'game dead' comments we receive every day" %}

So, prices were greatly reduced and made more predictable. But don’t get too comfortable: one of the future updates will bring a company rating, and we plan to tie the ability to rename cities to the level of approval of your company in that exact settlement.

### Mixed trains

The game now properly supports trains consisting of both electric and steam/diesel engines. Before, such trains could not pass the non-electrified part of the tracks.

{% include video.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/4.mp4" %}

## Builder palette rework

When you play with many mods, navigating the builder palette quickly become a complicated task. This is especially true for decorations:

{% include video.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/8.mp4" %}

To help you with that, we've completely reworked the builder palette.

Now, buildings are split into categories, which you can navigate on the left of the window.

{% include img.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/13.png" %}

Modders can use built-in categories or create their own.

Buildings now can be sorted: alphabetically, by price, or by size.

{% include img.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/16.png" %}

Or you can choose to display buildings only from specific mods.

{% include img.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/15.png" %}

The new compact view option allows fitting the maximum amount of buildings into view for a quick glance.

{% include img.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/12.png" %}

The palette also now features text search.

{% include img.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/14.png" %}

All of these features are available not only for decorations but for any type of building.

And the last thing: to help you keep track of where you've left the window now opens already scrolled to the last built object.

## Conveyor improvements

In this update, we've addressed the issue with misdirected conveyors. It was easy to mess it up and make conveyors face each other, blocking the flow of items. It was especially annoying when this happened just inside device inputs and outputs, because it's really hard to stop, making players scratch their heads over why items not going in or out of the device.

{% include video.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/7.mp4" %}

We've addressed this in two ways.

First, we've greatly improved the direction auto-detection algorithm which decides in which direction the conveyor belt should move after build.

{% include video.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/6.mp4" %}

Second, we've added the easy-to-spot indicator that will pop up in the exact place of misdirection. Even more, just click on it and directions will be fixed automatically.

{% include video.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/5.mp4" %}

These changes should greatly reduce the amount of confusion and tedious work manually switching conveyor directions.

Another improvement allows you to build devices closer to each other without the need to demolish conveyors.

{% include img.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/8.png" %}

## Other QoL updates

### Search and toggle all mods when creating a new game

Sometimes you want to play a different set of mods or create a vanilla game with no mods at all. It’s already possible by toggling individual mods in the New game window.

However, if you have a really big amount of mods installed, toggling mods back and forth starts to be cumbersome. So we updated the Mods tab with a search bar and Toggle all options.

{% include img.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/18.png" %}

### Configure displayed budget totals

{% include img.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/3.png" %}

One-time money spending like laying out a long railroad or building a factory may affect the understanding of your current month-to-month balance. Now you can tune the total display for your needs by choosing what exact budget items should count in total numbers.

### Distance to nearby signals

{% include img.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/6.png" %}

When placing signals, there's a new option that will allow you to enable displaying a distance to the closest signal or intersection. Along with the already existing auto-placing feature, this should help to distribute your signals as desired.

### Non-electrified parts highlight

{% include img.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/7.png" %}

When using the electrification tool, non-electrified parts of the track will be highlighted in red. No more trains stuck because of 1 tile missing wires!

### Fleet window

Besides the ability to mass send vehicles to depots and mass assign vehicles to a route, there’s a new action to mass-release vehicles from depots.

To accommodate more actions added, we’ve redesigned the actions area - and not only in a visual way. Now send and release actions behave as toggles and can be canceled if required.

{% include img.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/19.png" %}

Also, we've fixed how vehicles are sorted by their names. Now it should look like a human would expect.

{% include img.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/5.png" %}

This also applies to route names.

### Mass replacement

Replacements now can be paused - each separately, or all at once, for more precise control over your spendings.

Also, replacements now will preserve the vehicle’s cargo where possible, and we’ve fixed annoying notifications spam happening when a vehicle can’t find a depot for replacement.

### Error handling

Previously, if a mod breaks the game while it loads to the main menu, the game will just be stuck forever, until you unsubscribe from the problematic mod. And you are left to wonder which of your 100 mods collection is the bad one.

Now the game will detect such problems, and then show you a detailed dialog, letting you know what was happen, and suggesting actions based on context.

{% include img.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/9.png" %}

For example, it will allow you to just disable the problematic mod and restart the game, or go to the Workshop page to let the mod author know that there's a problem.

By the way, the in-game bug icon got a promotion! Now, if an unexpected error will occur during play, the red banner will be displayed. Click on it will open a new developer console.

{% include img.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/11.png" %}

Yes, the game now has a developer console, which could be toggled at any point with <kbd>Ctrl + `</kbd>. It displays game logs in real-time and also will accept user commands in the future.

{% include img.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/10.png" %}

You can also disable the bug banner reappearing from there for the current play session.

## Modding updates

### Categories

There's a new `.categories` asset that is used to organize buildings in the builder palette. Feel free to assign built-in categories to your assets, or even add your own categories. Also, let us know if you think some new categories should be added to the base game.

### Important device asset change

The direction of device inputs and outputs now should be explicitly set in assets. Please update your mods or they won’t work as expected.

### Load only needed assets in Asset Editor 

You can now choose what pack to load in Asset Editor to significantly improve load times.

{% include img.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/17.png" %}

### Decorations animation support

`.decoration` assets now can be animated in the same manner as devices or mines.

{% include video.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/2.mp4" %}

### Spotlight direction

Previously, buildings technically could have not only point lights, but also spotlights. However, there was no way to set the direction where a spotlight is pointed, which made them pretty useless. Now, this is fixed.

### Cars smoke support

{% include video.html src="/assets/posts/update-87-2/3.mp4" %}

Joining trains, road vehicles can emit smoke now.

## Wrapping up

This update is the minor one, but it brings a lot of useful improvements and fixes. We've covered the most important changes here, and if you want more, [check the full changelog](/changelog#0.87.2) for this update.

In the meantime, we keep working on new gameplay features, and we hope to present them to all of you soon. Thank you and see you next time!