---
title: "Better bulldozing and late-game performance improvements"
thumb: /assets/posts/update-88-5/thumb.png
thumb_square: /assets/posts/update-88-5/thumb_square.png
---

Today’s [update](/changelog#0.88.5) is twofold: refining the bulldozing process for a smoother workflow and significantly boosting late-game performance. We’re keen for you to delve into these enhancements and share your experiences!

## Bulldozing Enhancements

We're excited to introduce a more streamlined bulldozing process in this update. Now, upon toggling off the bulldoze tool, the toolbar will automatically revert back to your previously selected tool, saving you from the tedious task of clicking through toolbars to get back to your original tool.

{% include video.html src="/assets/posts/update-88-5/1.mp4" %}

To further ease the bulldozing process, we’ve transitioned the bulldoze hotkey from <kbd>/</kbd> to <kbd>E</kbd>, making it more accessible. Also, when activated, the bulldoze tool will now be highlighted with a red frame, providing clear visual feedback.

Adding a quick-access feature, holding down the <kbd>E</kbd> key will temporarily activate the bulldoze tool. Once you release the key, your previous tool selection will be restored, making it a breeze to switch between tools during gameplay.

## Late-game performance improvements

This update brings noticeable performance improvements, especially in big late-game scenarios. We've also optimized how UI indicators work, particularly when they are hidden, to help make the game run even smoother. The boost in performance can range from just a few extra frames per second to a significant increase of 10-20 FPS. This is part of our ongoing work to improve performance, and we plan to continue making such improvements in future updates to ensure a better gameplay experience.

As always, your feedback is the cornerstone of our development process. Join us in our [Discord community](http://discord.gg/voxeltycoon) to share your experiences, discuss strategies, and connect with fellow gamers. We’re committed to continuous improvement and are excited about the journey ahead with our amazing community 💜

Stay tuned for more updates, and as always, thank you for being part of this exhilarating adventure!